podman cp: do not overwrite non-dirs with dirs and vice versa (#14526)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-cp.1.md

When set to false, maintain uid/gid from archive sources instead of changing them to the primary uid/gid of the destination container.
The default is **true**.

#### **--overwrite**

> Allow to override directories with non-directories and vice versa.  By default, `podman cp` errors out when attempting to overwrite, for instance, a regular file with a directory.  Use this option, if you want to allow this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow directories to be overwritten with non-directories and vice versa.  By default, `podman cp` errors out when attempting to overwrite, for instance, a regular file with a directory.  Use this option if you want to allow this behavior.
```
